EC-84: Revise Configuration, Customers, eContent, Login and Logging (#5)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/configuration/configuration.md

# Configuration

## HTTP server configuration

> See [eZ Platform  installation guide](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/latest/getting_started/install_ez_platform/#prepare-installation-for-production)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the HTTP server configuration,
```

> for more information on HTTP server configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
see [eZ Platform  installation guide](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/2.5/getting_started/install_ez_platform/#prepare-installation-for-production).
```

> eZ Commerce requires one more rule in order to display images. The following examples shows the settings for Apache:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
eZ Commerce requires one more rule in order to display images. The following examples show the settings for Apache:
```

``` 
RewriteRule ^/var/assets/.* - [L]
```

## PHP settings

### Session settings

> The `gc_maxlifetime` parameter inshould be set in `php.ini` (e.g. `/etc/php5/apache2/php.ini`) to reduce the lifetime of a session:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set the `gc_maxlifetime` parameter in `php.ini` (e.g. `/etc/php5/apache2/php.ini`) to reduce a lifetime of the session:
```

The `registerBundles()` method in Kernel loads different bundles based on the environment.

> In addition, you are able to load client-specific bundles there:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition, you can use this method to load client-specific bundles:
```

php vendor/defuse/php-encryption/bin/generate-defuse-key
```

> Configure the PayPal parameters in your `parameters.yml`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configure the PayPal parameters in the `parameters.yml` file:
```
